Add information / content in angular roadmap (#2087)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/104-angular/content/100-typescript-basics/106-type-guard.md

> # Type guard
> A type guard is a TypeScript technique used to get information about the type of a variable, usually within a conditional block. Type guards are regular functions that return a boolean, taking a type and telling TypeScript if it can be narrowed down to something more specific. Type guards have the unique property of assuring that the value tested is of a set type depending on the returned boolean.
> 
> TypeScript uses some built-in JavaScript operators like typeof, instanceof, and the in operator, which is used to determine if an object contains a property. Type guards enable you to instruct the TypeScript compiler to infer a specific type for a variable in a particular context, ensuring that the type of an argument is what you say it is.
> 
> Type guards are typically used for narrowing a type and are quite similar to feature detection, allowing you to detect the correct methods, prototypes, and properties of a value. Therefore, you can easily figure out how to handle that value.
> 
> `The instanceof keyword`, `The typeof keyword` , `The in keyword` , `Equality narrowing type guard` , `Custom type guard with predicate`
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme='yellow' href='https://blog.logrocket.com/how-to-use-type-guards-typescript/'>Types Guards - Blog</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Type Guard

A type guard is a TypeScript technique used to get information about the type of a variable, usually within a conditional block. Type guards are regular functions that return a boolean, taking a type and telling TypeScript if it can be narrowed down to something more specific. Type guards have the unique property of assuring that the value tested is of a set type depending on the returned boolean.

TypeScript uses built-in JavaScript operators like `typeof`, `instanceof`, and the `in` operator, which is used to determine if an object contains a property. Type guards enable you to instruct the TypeScript compiler to infer a specific type for a variable in a particular context, ensuring that the type of an argument is what you say it is.

Type guards are typically used for narrowing a type and are pretty similar to feature detection, allowing you to detect the correct methods, prototypes, and properties of a value. Therefore, you can quickly figure out how to handle that value.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme='yellow' href='https://blog.logrocket.com/how-to-use-type-guards-typescript/'>Types Guards - Blog</BadgeLink>
```
